Hcp (#91078)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hcp-ocp-differences.adoc

|{product-title} |{hcp-capital}

> |You configure etcd encryption by using the `APIServer` resource with AES-GCM or AES-CBC. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.18/html/security_and_compliance/encrypting-etcd["Enabling etcd encryption"].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|You configure etcd encryption by using the `APIServer` resource with AES-GCM or AES-CBC. For more information, see "Enabling etcd encryption" in the "Additional resources" section.
```
As we discussed on Slack, we can't include the link here because of limitations in how the documentation is built. I tried to move the "Additional resources" section closer to this table, but that isn't possible, either, because xrefs are not supported in module files. As a compromise, I think the best we can do is mention that the "Enabling etcd encryption" link is in the "Additional resources" section. Typically, we don't make explicit references to "Additional resources" sections, but I think it makes sense to in this case because the link is so far down the page from the mention of the link. I hope that makes sense. If you have any questions, feel free to ask me.
